Update release notes to include preview feature section (#29683)
gradle/gradle: platforms/documentation/docs/src/docs/userguide/releases/feature_lifecycle.adoc

_Internal_ features may evolve into public features.

[[sec:experimental_state]]
== 2. Experimental

_Experimental_ features are in an early-stage preview, they have been introduced and tested in Gradle; however, full usability and edge-case handling may not be complete yet.

An _experimental_ feature gives you a chance to try out the feature while it's still in development.
_Experimental_ features will (generally) not be documented.

> _Experimental_ features are not enabled by default.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
_Experimental_ features are not enabled by default, and enabling them might require multiple steps and a special environment.
Follow the feature documentation.
```

> The feature might significantly change or be removed at any time.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The experimental feature might significantly change or be removed at any time, without prior notice.
```

> We do not guarantee the use of these features against defects that may produce unexpected or undesired results.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We do not guarantee the use of these features against defects that may produce unexpected or undesired results,
including but not limited to potential security risks.
```

_Experimental_ features should not be used in production systems or with production data.

> Eventually _experimental_ features either graduate to _incubating_ or are removed from Gradle.

Reviewer: "Graduate" seems to be a stronger word

```suggestion
Eventually _experimental_ features either get promoted to _incubating_ or are removed from Gradle.
```

[[sec:incubating_state]]
== 3. Incubating

> Features are introduced in the _incubating_ state to allow real-world feedback to be incorporated into the feature before making it public.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The _incubating_ state for new features is designed to allow real-world feedback to be incorporated into the feature before making it public.
```
